I'm going to start here with the drop pass.
Here, well.
Now, you first send them across.
Yes.
Send them across.
Well, Mr. Chairman, normally out of the terrible number of persons, however, in order to give
them the drop pass to drop the term and that put us with us in detail.
I'm going to pass the look of well, but we pay one of the reasons for that is Mr. Cohn,
who's been called in the service Friday, is being ordered to make his record command, and
mentally.
And I would like to have Mr. Cohn, however, an opportunity to examine the look of before Mr.
Cohn, who goes down and gets that preferential treatment under pressure.
Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn, Mr. MacPathy has told me informally that it was his intention to pass repeatedly
today so that Mr. Cohn and I could take progress with this with us.
And in that context, Mr. Cohn, your father's asking down the table for your smiling face.
It is the intention of the state where I must do well to do better for everyone concerned
than anyone could dream of.
While the events of this morning's executive session are not being made public as of now,
I understand.
The consequence of that session was that I was still with our arms left as we would be sometimes
in a German or a recess without having at least some opportunity of these witnesses that
I deemed essential.
For the election, I'll furnish you much deeper.
I think there was no justice whatsoever made by anybody.
There'd be a recess before the witness is suggesting record.
I understand that time flies and the days of the hearing build up.
And I want to make it clear that the state clarifying, I both wish to see the senator on the stand
and we wouldn't see Mr. Cohn on the stand.
The consequence is that Mr. St. Clair and I are prepared to drop out of our Christy nominations.
Laboriously planned and built up great gods of it so that we may proceed and at least have
some time with the other two witnesses that we have in mind before something happens to
these hearings.
Mr. Cohn has had my assurance that one large item or an item in his cross examination is
going to be dropped.
And Mr. Cohn, I now make good on that arrangement with you.
You suggested to me last night that your military record was reasonably long and that it was
immaterial.
As a lawyer, Mr. Cohn, I cannot differ with that last point.
We fell into the habit in this room of talking about people's military careers, as you know.
And when you stated your military career in the national die has seemed to me that you stated
less than all of it.
But even so, whether my supporters, if I have any likeness, or hate me for it, I have decided
that I have told you for the sake of not to go into that somewhat long.
So I'll let you know if I say that if I'm a first for fair to answer any question you want
to put to me about anything.
You and I have talked sometimes a time after a discussion about the elimination of various
matters which might be immaterial and might take a long period of time and I'm ready to
trust you at any time about any of those and eliminate any matters or add any matters or
feed any matters to keep these hearings through age conclusion.
Thank you sir.
And Mr. Cohn, it is quite clear I think that you and I have matters to discuss.
A more important than my military career which was trivial in World War I or Mr. St. Clairs
which was reasonably notable in World War II or your sir.
Sir, I might say you say you've gotten in the habit of doing it.
I know that neither Mr. Cohn and Mr. Julianne have been able to say fine records and so much
final.
And I do not have a lot of people here who have not gone in today.
I do not wish to preclude you from making some statement about it, some have some time
if you wish but I have already said what I will do about examining you.
Now Mr. Cohn, let us turn to the things that I think are some important in this hearing.
First I want a little discussion with you as a lawyer.
We have been sitting in this room trying to walk on the face of it looks like a dispute between individuals
who do not agree.
One in substance saying, kids and one in substance saying, kids.
Sure, that's right.
In the course of that, kids and kids, so I would like to suggest you Mr. Cohn that we
have revealed and illuminated certain constitutional problems.
And may I say to you Mr. Cohn that probably you and I were different as to how those problems
should be solved.
No, that's not.
But I would like to believe that we are in reasonable agreement as to what it is that we have revealed
and illuminated.
Let me see if I can say to you.
Mr. Cohn, we have in this hearing revealed a what you might probably call a constitutional
question as to the line of demarcation between the executives and the legislators have we
not.
And we have constantly found ourselves in a position where executive, directives or orders have been
squarging, sometimes deported by a cabinet.
And the question is, where is that line drawn?
And what a senatorial investigating committee may do about it is something that you and I know
can be revealed and illuminated in this room.
Is that right?
Yes.
But it cannot be decided.
I'm sorry, I'm sure there are a lot of things we can't decide in this room.
Now the second thing that we have revealed and illuminated is this.
We have the question of the right of a senator whether on this committee or any committee to
receive top secret documents from governmental employees and give them immunity from ever having
their names known.
We have that question, don't we?
That's a question for you.
Right.
And then the subsidiary question part of the big one is to whether or not a government employee
who hands a top secret document to a senator has violated some part of his oath of all.
That's the question that there isn't about that.
That's right.
Now there is a second.
You know my viewers.
I'm a senator.
As I take a picture, you know mine.
Yes sir.
My viewers are calling so that we will understand each other.
That is, is this.
Is Jay Edgar Hoover's top fan from the top of a confidential of a document, the word secrets and confidential?
For Welch, that goal, you understand that, don't you?
Yes, I do.
That goal.
And I do not understand that there is honest, some invisible things which says to whoever has that document,
secrets and confidential, but, and then the invisible things, if anybody that sees the same senator
martyred he ought to have it, is okay to give it to him some nice.
No, sir, I don't think it's that simple.
Well, I like to make things dramatic.
But it is the fact that according to you and the senator, those words to be a little magic and a little impassive,
hot, secret, are said these can be weighed by anyone that has the document.
If he thinks that not enough action is being taken in respect to the document,
and when the person weighing the action gets higher than weight,
you and the senator believe that the person the government didn't call you,
tired of waiting, may comment, see the senator or you and hand you the document.
You still correctly say, you have a very fine way up to the dramatic.
I do think that on the issue here, that's not that simple and maybe it's not that dramatic.
Well, let's try to make it still.
The judge has come down to that.
When the government implores you to look day after day, here's a heard copy of this top secret document,
but can't see any action.
I understand it's a cemetery position in yours, that when that person, male or female,
runs out of patience.
It's time then to give the documents to the senator or to you.
I might say very briefly on that, I think the question is this.
This committee that's a well-general legislative organization act as a mandate,
we're in business to investigate instances of dereliction of duty, of lack of duty,
of failure to act on the part of the government agency.
Now, the FBI has been warning a government agency about the presence of a communist or a self-communist
or a spy or a self-scibe in the agency.
And we learned that those FBI warnings have been ignored by people in the heads of that government agency.
That is an example of lack of duty on a part of the executive, which we are not only privileged,
but it's our sworn duty to investigate.
And it's a goal.
I have to be in complete agreement with that, sir.
I think when this committee finds a situation where we, by some curious accident,
we've got a government agency with us, and nothing is done about it, and this committee knows that they are moved in.
You don't think I disagree with that, please.
You don't think I, sir?
Senator Knoth, Senator Simon, you may answer the question, Senator.
I'm not sure.
I don't think you disagree with that.
I think the world is as if when you say no to it.
I am.
Well, I want to go just one step further and say this.
This is a big problem, and it's probably the only problem I know anything about in this world.
I do know a little about it.
It's a very complicated problem, and it's just that it's not that simple.
Mr. Cawd, I think you and I are sure that this is having the agreement that you won't make a speech at the end of the 10th and the mysterious.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I see.
I see.
You're just giving Mr. Welch as much time as possible, Senator.
Put him in the comments.
Oh, Mr. Cawd.
I think we're down to the number 46 and the document.
I read it.
It's pattern followed by a secretary's season and Mr. Adams is here.
As long as only individual comment was the object of the subcommittee's investigation, they made continuing offers of cooperation with the investigation.
But as soon as the folks turn to the infinitely more important questions, who was responsible for protecting communist infiltrations, and protecting commoners who had infiltrated as the conceivable obstacle,
was placed in the path of the subcommittee's search target group.
Is that true?
Yes.
Who placed those objects that obstacle in the path?
Apparently a lot of people said.
Plains are not, oh, I think Mr. Adams is certainly one of those who I can give you at the not spending time.
They can give you an instant season, they can do?
Yes, I can say that even if the seasons do not want us to go into this.
Well, you saw it there, that the place is perfect, conceivable, obstacle in the path of the subcommittee's search group.
I didn't want to raise the staff for us to find me can left.
What if the target was?
That's a moment of service, not saying that in my plan.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm saying that's the my question.
It's a point of order.
I would like to raise the point of order.
I'd like to raise the point of view yesterday, for example, we found new places in foreign testimony responsible for placing out people's map.
It's impossible for this young man to name all the places he just can't do as they're new and strapping up every day.
The following security is not asking the two names he introduced into the country.
I'll say I'm not the same as Mr. Adams, but I'm not objecting to new names that they have any more.
I definitely can't. They have you swear to the sword that you've made.
I don't object to that, is it?
There's none as well, sir.
I think you want matters within my own personal knowledge.
That's all I'm asking you, sir.
I ask you them specifically.
I've been charged 36 times for Apple, Mr. Adams and the Secretary of State.
I think I have read all of this substantial charges in your statement made against Mr. Hemsfield in part three of these.
Will they have met our thoughts?
They will be here within your personal knowledge.
I haven't asked you about any statements in your that a policy will not within your personal knowledge.
I want to ask you no more for calls.
How do you now agree with me that these charges are serious?
Yes.
These are new names for many good states because you thought they were serious.
We stated the fact that we knew them to be so.
Well, if you say the fact that the third man is prominent and prominent, that's the charge against the men.
Don't you so end up to get those all over you?
Certainly, could the interpreter just touch her yet?
I have been trying to make very clear to you, Senator McCollum.
We did as a record, I think.
It makes we are not only by me, but a lot of other things that have happened.
We did not stop this.
We wanted to continue.
I'm there. That's the difference.
That's the beauty of me, too.
I want to ask you a question about it.
Are you saying now that I have not said any issues this statement?
That you and a never revealed to the country that we did have a secondary of the Army.
And a key counsel of the sovereign communist, would we never know about it except that the Army should be popular?
You have known about it, sir.
When?
Oh, I think when the testimony on the threat case came in and we found out who promote it.
But you have never made a job.
Oh, I think we were done under the normal laws of its committee, sir.
A lot longer than you do along here.
You've bought it out and all the more making number answers of these things.
Didn't you think it is in 400, these facts were proved to expose it immediately so that we could get it to top?
Sure, at the beginning, Senator McCollum, we had a situation where Mr. Steven and Mr. Adams didn't want us to investigate the problems.
They wanted us to go up with that.
I must say frankly, it was not an unusual experience until far as this or any other investigation was.
The people who were being investigated would be much happier if you would go someplace else and leave them alone.
I did not feel that there was any need of making any formal charge if we could take care of ourselves when we put up a shifty investigation.
We did it.
The formal charge is there any formal.
Did you think it was important to the security of this country to expose Mr. Adams and the full secretaries, Steven, that these charges against them were proved?
No, I didn't think it was important.
The security of the nation did not tell but it was supposed to be seen from the throughout the country.
I thought it was important for the security of this nation that this committee should continue its sworn obligation to investigate everything that should be investigated.
And if people who were being investigated didn't want us to do it for us, I thought we should go out there with their privilege to try.
A lot of others have tried.
Yes, but you said they were trying by means that indicated that they were attempting blackmail not indicating that you tried by means of blackmail and by holding a private in the army as a hostage.
When that blackmail, the citizens came about and when Mr. Adams went to see the son of a copy that night, I thought he was going to get the right to do that.
Well, all right.
Then you did have the knowledge that according to your charges and your personal interests.
That Mr. Steven, or Secretary Steven and Mr. Adams had gone to that extreme to try to present an investigation of commoners and scientists who used your case, trying to prevent you from finding out who was responsible for the perhaps case.
They were going to that extreme.
Yes.
That's true.
I don't just think it is possible that if we have some demand that the enemy army of this country, that it be told immediately so that it might be taken to remove it.
The fundamental problem we just got out had immediately.
As soon as the facts and the arrests case and the conduct, they came on.
Senator McCarthy wrote an open public letter, setting forth both of the facts he knew and charging, stating that there had certainly been misunderstanding and misconduct.
He made that letter public.
I think two days, if the forensic vehicle are committing an executive session.
From that time on, Senator McCarthy took a considerable number of steps to bring these matters under the rules of this committee through the attention of the public in the form of a regular subcommittee investigation.
But as I understood you, these charges would have never been made.
There's not so much documents in this.
Is that true?
So certainly, I'm not just right, but the first matter and the role of certain people in the army in trying to cover up those who had been responsible for the promotion and honorable discharge of commoners.
It would have come out, even if it were not for these charges.
You're supposed to something else while it will enhance it to a tiny wealth for 14 hearings that's going to be up.
Don't you agree with me that if your testimony is true, that you have pointed out to the country that you have at the head of the United States Army or the Secondary of the Army, a man who is,
a problem commoner to whom he's signed the Paseco-Bucco Paseco-Bucco Paseco-Bucco Paseco-Bucco.
I would answer that in this way, so far, as paddling communists are concerned.
I have never heard Mr. Stevens say anything to me, who is the President of the United States?
I wanted to say this, sir. I've never heard Mr. Stevens say anything to me, which led me to conclude that he likes communists any better than I do,
or that he wanted to protect communists in any way. I don't believe for a moment that he wanted to do that.
I haven't you charged any business? I think we say this, sir.
That on the question of uncovering individual communists and getting them out of the army, we are sure we were sure that Mr. Stevens was so sub-angous to do that as we were.
On the second question you raised, Senator McClellan, in South Ours, protecting the people who did cover up these communists, we have had differences of opinion with Mr. Stevens and we have felt that people have been trying to get him to enlist his aid in withholding information from Mr. Smith's committee, which would uncover people who have been subtling these communists and we have felt that he has been mistaken in that.
Yes, Mr. Doney, is South Ours being charged? He seems sort of a good person. I don't believe that. I don't believe that. I have a very striking impulse to me.
He's a true or a false person. And if that's true, I assure you I have no interest in this thing except to try to get the two-solving and nifty to, I don't think the sun should go down before action should be taken.
Yes, I agree with me. Yes, I want to say this. I certainly don't want a spoken or pardon any charges. I want to give you the truth and what was said to me and I want to give you the facts.
I have taken your statements. I have asked you to die the question of whenever, George, you have made against Mr. Stevens and you have answered in the affirmative.
Yes, I have. So we may face the language of your charges as your testimony now, as against Mr. Stevens and against Mr. Adam, as being true.
Yes, I would want to stand on the testimony I have given here, particularly. I will be glad to read it firmly and just as I haven't seen you since.
You've given me answers to these when I ask you if that statement was true. Yes, that is law.
Yes, of course.
Now, before the senator starts questioning and let us return to our observation, I'd rather address Mr. Wells.
Then to the witness.
I just want to say that.
Only to round out the little I think the line of questioning that Mr. Wells is the student.
I would rather subscribe as to be a general thesis.
If you have a whole tale of revelation of the immediate executive language of confidential material, you could develop like a fool, a kind of anarchy, and a lack of devotion, and feel the desire to be a minister to the government.
But a fact is also in a situation that comes into the picture and we had evidence in others, the information with the senator's permission.
I think nearly everyone knows that Senator William DeGelowe can interpret over a period of time and in figures, ladies and gentlemen, in the confidentialization and in addition, although it seems to even government who may evasion or avoid responsible and in some cases, with guilty of criminal commites.
Now the senate finance committee took out this in touch.
They found to rule that this is exactly in my mind a phenomenon, but at least it put a limitation on the disclosure that it's being made.
Senator William, however, as I was told all went by the hand that it is disclosed as on the senate board from time to time.
And all those disclosures were faced upon confidential information that was disclosed to him by someone in the internal atmosphere who is on the rules of the government.
Now the very practical problem that arises is this. If the disclosure had never been made, obviously neither the evasion tax payers, nor the electric governmental service who made it possible could have been dropped to justice.
So the question is, is the practical matter always? Number one, where do you draw them on in a second round?
Where is the limit beyond which, among investors or the body of the Congress cannot draw when it's common people from the executive branch to come and get justice?
I must confess that the problem offers some different things, but I do believe that in connection with your line of discussion, that the practical aspect of a must be revealed otherwise.
Otherwise that introduction may take place separately would not have come to the life of Jason.
Mr. Colm, I don't have too many more questions. I'll soon be through. Good way to Mr. Welch.
I just wanted to follow up on one point. You stated an answer to a question by Senator McCollum with other departments, besides the Department of the Army, attempted to stop investigation.
I believe that was your response. And I also stated that in response to a question that I put previously, that you don't like many memos.
Now, why were the memos written in connection with the Army Chief? I mean, there were the theories of memos. I said I don't like many. I certainly know he's also the file.
You will find a, but you might consider a considerable number of memos written by me. You will not find memos each and every conversation I have had with everybody about everything.
I did not write a memo on each and every conversation I have with Mr. Stevens, Mr. Adams or other people over there. I think I have already set aside it to the circumstances of the writing of these.
Well, I understand that's a thing, but the memos were quite complete. On the Army, commencing about the time when... No sir.
I think we're getting a little hot. No sir, I don't think they were. They were not? No, I don't think so. We've got a long series of them.
No sir, I think that a lot of very significant events were not recorded in the form of memorandum.
Now, one thing that I think should be clarified, in the midst of first program, may create an F-2 about the memorandum.
And you responded on June 11. I think that was March 10th, wasn't it?
You replied, and I think it was the 14th, but it was only one.
March 14th, 16th. I have a right here. I'll give it to him. No, I don't.
Mr. Colne has a comment. I'll take it enough to say. Well, let me just say, I did a question.
May I say that to Mr. Colne, I think if you stand by all the ideas and memorandums for the documents from a party then,
to come, one or two, I believe, only were dictated by me. Others were from some of the McCarthy to Frank's car by subversive.
Now, actually, there are four that you dictated. It was not correct. Skip it.
Whatever I said here, I have to count them up again. Whatever I said here, somebody else came up and I went through them and counted one by one.
I think it came to three or four. Whatever I said is accurate.
Yeah, two of the memorandums that were released to the press, said from you to somebody. Well, they were certainly prepared.
And then two of them without any designation are more than two, maybe, but you state now that two of those that did not have any tag on them were dictated by you.
Yes, I know them, but this one, for instance, was.
I was in other areas, and then all these two are in connection with the testimony of a ton of blocks.
Yes, sir.
If I understand it, you state that you did not request that five of the time be taken off KT on the weekend of January 10th.
No, sir, you don't understand it.
Pardon me? No, sir. I don't believe that's quite accurate.
Well, what is your version of? Find the case directed into it.
No, I don't believe it's my version. I believe it's the fact. The fact is that as far as we were concerned, and as far as I was concerned, private-Chang Hity on KT or all night long or anything like that, we didn't care.
We had an arrangement made with Mrs. Stevens, but he would be available all the weekend to work on these reports and do this committee work.
And that more committee was committed to. Yes, sir. And that nothing would interfere with that.
I think that in all the time he was down there, there were one or two, probably this is the only one. One occasion on which he was given some duty on a Sunday when he was going to work with us on these reports.
I called for tenant plan and asked if they couldn't let him do that same thing on Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday or Friday some other time.
And let him be available during the day for Smith to see when the fix to do this with.
But you told him you wanted him for committee business that week. Well, the tenant plan was intended to act in the only reason we ever get the arrangement with the cost committee business. And the only reason we ever wanted was on committee business. There's never any doubt about that.
Well, let me reach to you the policy that took place between Senator McCarthy and the tenant blog. Now that's on page 3523.
3523, the transcript. Senator McCarthy. This is what the policy was with the tenant blog. Didn't he tell you that he made arrangements for day signs? It's come back.
The understitute he was coming back that weekend that he was coming back for the purpose of putting in writing some of the intro.